Change order for joining subnets (#1445)
ava-labs/avalanche-docs: docs/subnets/create-a-mainnet-subnet.md

Well done. You have just created your own Subnet running on `Mainnet`. Now it's time to add your validators.

> ## Join a Subnet
> 
> This new Subnet is cool - but it doesn't have any dedicated validators yet. We are now going to add
> a validator to the Subnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Request to Join a Subnet as a Validator

The new Subnet created in the previous steps doesn't have any dedicated validators yet. 
To request permission to validate a Subnet, the following steps are required:
```

consistency with the fuji tutorial

:::

> To add a node as a validator to a Subnet, run the `join` command along with the Subnet name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, request permission to validate by running the `join` command along with the Subnet name:
```

consistent with the fuji tutorial
